1) Cat adoption assisstant: My family loves cats, as such we adopt one or two on a regular basis. 
However, an annoyance that pops up while looking for which cats are available to adopt is that cat shelters aren't centralized.
You can't just go to a website and type in the cat breed/age/sex/etc. you want and it will show you all available cats near you up for adoptio.n
As such, the basic idea for this website is to provide something along that line of service.
The user would give their location and what criteria they are looking for in a cat they want to adopt and the site would find all nearby cat shelters with cats that fit that criteria.
While this could at base use something like the Google Maps API to handle location tracking, a propietary API would probably be necessary to collect all the cat data
Probably a web scraping based API, accessing each cat shelter's cat adoption pages for all avialble info. 
Most cat shelter's will list things like breed (if known), age (approximate if unknown), sex, basic personalities, pictures, etc.

2) Youtube Playlist editor: As someone who utilizes Youtube a lot (a free massive repository of entertainment is a great service tbh), the service has some mild annoyances.
One of the one that grinds my gears the most is the inability for the user to edit a creator's playlist to their personal satisfaction.
Sometimes you don't like that playlist has been set in the "wrong" order, such as series of podcasts set in reverse chronological order.
Outside of going through the effort to manually create a new playlist in the correct order one video at a time, there is no easy solution to this problem.
This website would solve that problem by allowing to request any currently created playlist using Youtube API (free witha quota cost), 
then editing the playlist on site to a layout of your choosing.
This includes having things like a button that would automatically reverse order, clicking and dragging videos out of the playlist to then place them in different position or delete them entirely, etc. Perhaps even editing multiple playlists together like concating arrays together.
The dream would be to then import the newly created playlist back onto Youtube, 
though how to handle this sort of thing would likely be a massive headache as what channel this would go to is a major question to even begin this step.
In liue of this simply playing the videos on this site in the same manner as using a playlist on Youtube itself would proably be easier.

3)TTRPG Character Builder: One of my favorite hobbies is playing TTRPGs like D&D with my friends.
As someone who plays these games though, building characters form the ground up is one of the biggest barriers of entry that new players experience (it took me 2+ hours with help the first time I had to make a D&D character)
The goal of this site would effectively build a character sheet for you after asking a few basic questions.
For example, the D&D 5e version would ask you: What class are you playing? What level? etc.
It would then access information form a sight like Wikidot 5e (which has all player facing info for 5e available for free)
As you go along the questionaire it would offer recommendations: ex. When selecting a race it would recommend races that boost strength to those who chose barbarians,
potential spell choices for classes with access to spellcasting, useful feats if high enough level to access those, etc.
Once all questions have been answered a final character sheet would be generated using the data collected so far that the player could then download as a pdf preferably.
As I mainly play D&D this would proabbly be D&D 5E only, as I know this game system well enough to give strong recommendations for most builds that can be built into the logic of the site.
While I have played other systems like LANCER and Pathfinder 2E, I don't have nearly enough experience in thsoe systems to give good character building ideas.
